Thanks for playing my game!

About 20 months prior to the release of this game I set out to chase my idol.

I worked completely based upon instinct. I suppose I have created a surreal game.

There was almost no prior planning in the programming, the visuals, the sound, the gameplay, and the writing, 
what I would consider the five distinct fields which comprise a danmaku game.

The programming, while having some reusable elements, is a byzantine labyrinth.
Although all the scripts were hard coded the behavior system was relatively simple to extend to almost every danmaku pattern.
Implementing Xiao Li's rudimentary state-based behavior system (which includes... two states) was incredibly difficult.
All the bullets are allocated on the fly so there appear to be lag spikes.

For the visuals, I spent an entire year starting from being able to draw stick figures.
The program I used to make every asset was definitely made for illustration, and not sprite creation.
And of course much of the user interface was drawing rectangles and text.

When it came time to create the sounds I was down to about three months, so deciding to forgo sound effects I focused completely on writing music.
The music was written completely on the computer. 
Again, to save time, I decided to forgo instrumentation completely.
Well in the end, I can say there's one riff that's worth listening to. It's in track 4.
Due to lack of experience I couldn't write any nice looping tracks, so I decided to just loop abruptly.

As for the actual danmaku... 
I realized soon into development that coming up with novel mechanics and combining them in meaningful ways were not one and the same.
And while I had understood that the bullets were flying too quickly I never really internalized that often the slower the bullets go the more difficult the danmaku.
The more difficult part was hard coding in all the mob spawns in the levels. Somehow the mobs move too slowly!
Due to time concerns and... lack of experience I was not able to do much playtesting, hence why the highest difficulty is named "untested".
Another reason for this is because the game isn't particularly fun to play at all. 
Indeed, if the danmaku looked possible for a robot I let it go without any concern for whether or not a human would be able to do the same.
I suspect more than a few spells are actually impossible on untested, and in the extra stage. I doubt any enemy formations are impossible though.
The one concern is the stage 5 army. But since there's no RNG in the spawns or the attacks there must be safe spots somewhere.
Well that will be left as an exercise for the player. 

And for the story, well all I can say is there was one. Perhaps the dialogue was too strange for any of you to understand it?
The idea for the stage 5 boss to not fight was actually not a time concession. I just thought it would be interesting.
The Lilith dialogue sprite you see in the extra stage was meant to be used in stage 6. Unfortunately the engine was not really capable of displaying it.
As for my favorite character? In terms of design, perhaps Xiao Li. But her personality is quite strange. 
In the end none of the characters are fleshed out enough for me to relate to them.

All in all I would consider this game a monumental success. orz

